---
title: "2024"
layout: page
phase: P4
---

This is some sample text for the 2024 landing page. I'm writing a paragraph to make it look like there is some introductory text on this page. Please feel free to replace this text with an introduction/description of this summer's project.

There is more information about editing this page and adding content to the 2024 section in a comment in the file that generates this page. You can find it by going to the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/digbmc/wbbm), navigating into the "current" folder, and viewing the 2024.md file. These instructions have also been added to the README, which you can view by scrolling down on the [Github repository](https://github.com/digbmc/wbbm) page.

{% comment %} 

Feel free to edit the text above this comment, but leave the comment here for now! It won't be visible when the page renders. 

We can reformat this page later to make the links to other content in this section more attractive, but for now I just want to make sure there is a way to navigate through all of the content.

## Adding Content to the 2024 Section

To add a page to the 2024 section of the site, go to the GitHub repository, then navigate into **current** > **2024**. In that folder, you will find a file called sample-page.md. Copy the code in that file, then create a new Markdown file in the **2024** folder. Give the file a name related to the title of the page (see other examples of filenames in **current** and/or **disoriented** folders), and make sure it ends in the file extension ".md". In the YAML front matter at the top of the file, change the title to the title of your new page. Then, replace the sample text below the front matter with the content for the page. Save the file, then edit the 2024 landing page (this file) to **add a link to that page in the list below**.

The Sample Page link below is an example of the format/syntax you will need to use. Just copy that line of code, paste it on a new line below, and replace "Sample Page" with your page title and "sample-page" with the file name.

Please consult README.md for in-depth instructions for adding and editing pages.

{% endcomment %}

## List of pages in the 2024 section
- [Sample Page]({{ '/current/2024/sample-page/' | relative_url}})