---
title: Chapin's collection 
layout: post
phase: P4 # P4 is the indicator for the 2023-2026 phase
author: Yihan Liu
description: 
---
During the spring semesters of 2000 and 2001, eighteen students wrote essays on the translation and motifs of scrolls they chose from the Helen Burwell Chapin Collection. In the fall of 2001, Juwen Zhang, a lecturer in Chinese, asked if there were any objects he could use for his course, East Asian Studies 220: Chinese Folklores. 

Helen Burwell Chapin graduated from Bryn Mawr College in 1915. She did not become interested in East Asian arts until she started to work in the Oriental Department of the Boston Museum of Fine Arts as a secretary. In 1924, she went to China as a clerk at the American Consulate in Shanghai. After her contract ended, she accepted a position to work with the Japanese government in Tokyo. During her stay in Japan, she lived with a Japanese family and took courses at a Zen Buddhist University. She also had chances opportunities to study at the Tokyo Imperial Museum, as well as the Tokyo Bunko Library, and lived in the Yakushiji temple a Buddhist temple built in the seventh century for several months. As her interest in Buddhism grew, Chapin not only stayed in Korea and India to visit Buddhist relics, but also spent four months studying Buddhist material brought back from Dunhuang at the British Museum. She then returned for a year’s term to the Boston Museum of the Fine Arts to complete her studies of Bodhisattva Avalokiteśvara. 
 
In 1929, Chapin set out for Asia again, this time as a research fellow at Swarthmore College. She revisited the Yakushiji temple first, and was accorded to visit Shōsōin, an eighth-century storehouse famous for its collection of treasures and preservation of more than 10,000 manuscripts dating from the Nara period (710-784).[^1]  She then went to China, where she stayed for over two years. She made trips to many famous sites and was invited to attend weekly meetings of the Committee on Paintings at the Palace Museum in Beijing. She helped to identify the origin of several Buddha statues and prepared notes for her on-going studies.   
{% include media.html item_id="media_015" align="left" %}

Chapin returned to the United States in 1932 and worked temporarily as the head of the Japanese Collection at Columbia University. She failed to find a position as a professor because of the Great Depression, so she worked as a freelance writer and a researcher for Uptown Close, as well as the Japanese Society of New York. In 1934, she went to Mills College in California to study and teach. She earned her master’s degree in 1935, and worked as a librarian at the art library of the college. During this period, she published her own magazine, several articles in the Journal of the American Oriental Society and Poetry World, reviews of religion and arts, translation of Chinese poems, and her original verses.  

In 1940, she received her doctorate in philosophy. She became a research analyst in Chinese and Japanese for the Department of Justice two years later. In 1946, she was engaged as the arts and monuments specialist for the United States Army in Korea, and therefore was able to revisit the Korean Buddhist temples and relics which she had first been enchanted with. After she returned to America in 1948, she planned to write a book on Korean art, but had to suspend her work because of illness. She passed away in 1950, at the age of 58.[^2]  
Bryn Mawr College received her donation of artifacts shortly before Chapin’s death. Her collection reflected her personal experiences in Asia and her interests in Buddhism, poetry, and paintings. The collection included 350 volumes of Chinese and Japanese books, 100 Korean volumes, original Buddhist manuscripts dating from the fifteenth century, books from the Ming dynasty (1368-1644), objects of stone, embroideries, lacquers, paintings, and so on. Bryn Mawr College has twice deaccessioned artifacts from her collection, while the rest of the items remained packed away in storage until a few consultants in Asian Studies were invited to work on the collection in 1989. 

Chapin’s experiences were rare for her time. It was uncommon for a woman to travel to and stay in Asia for extended periods of time for non-missionary purposes. Chapin usually got around by bike while in China, because she was in many areas before motor roads and railroads were built. Her experiences of pedaling from Hangzhou to Shanghai (about 107 miles) and sleeping in yurts and Buddhist temples have been used as proof of her having rich, first-hand knowledge of “the Orient.” But, considering that Japan’s invasion of Manchuria started during her second trip to China, and that her first visit to Korea was during Japan’s colonial rule, would she still be provided all the privileges she received during her stay in East Asia, or even be able to complete her travels safely at all if she was not a white American?  
{% include media.html item_id="media_016" align="right" %}
[^1]: Guide to Shōsō-in Research, https://shosoin.princeton.edu/
[^2]: Archives 12H Chapin, box 1 of 3, Bryn Mawr College special collection